add dep warning to cocoapods (#2409)
Azure/azure-iot-sdk-c: doc/sdk_cocoapods.md

# CocoaPods for Microsoft Azure IoT

## Warning

> **Cocoapods support is deprecated and will be removed on <DATE>**

Author: @wduraes date?

Reviewer: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/70382548/218027140-b0b79d05-f88f-4f03-b75c-62f49617d537.jpeg)

> **Cocoapods support is deprecated and will be removed on <DATE>**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Cocoapods support is deprecated and will be removed on June 1, 2023**
```
